adding a checkbox for glossary terms (#51)
jaybee84/ml-in-rd: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

- [ ] All citations follow the [Manubot citation instructions](https://github.com/jaybee84/ml-in-rd/blob/draft-branch/USAGE.md#citations)
- [ ] All changes or additions to tables follow the [Manubot table instructions](https://github.com/jaybee84/ml-in-rd/blob/draft-branch/USAGE.md#tables)
- [ ] All figures follow the [Manubot figure instructions](https://github.com/jaybee84/ml-in-rd/blob/draft-branch/USAGE.md#figures)

> - [ ] The section contains a list of terms that need to be added to glossary box

Reviewer: Maybe we could say:
```suggestion
- [ ] All terms that need to be added to glossary have been added to #50 
```

Provided I understood correctly with filing #50.

Author: This makes sense. I think I missed #50 :(
